My application is a tool where after scanning a person's body in our inhouse main facility or 3rd party facilties. All types 
of illnesses, cancers, deficiences are diagnosed and identified throughly and accurately to prevent any harm to the 
body in addition to improving health as well. The app will download results from scanning and will be readily 
accessible to users to use anytime to look at internal body images either as 2d images or 3d renderings where the 
user can go in depth to look at organs and other body parts. Also the app will have the ability to suggest best practices 
for their conditions such as what vitamins are needed, quick checkout access to buy needed or suggested vitamins. 
Additionally if a user needs to do certain excercises and movements then the app will relay that information and on a
alerted schedule if needed. The main thing that sets us apart from other companies and other services is that I want it
to be as easily accessible as a bodega or Mcdonalds. The apps mainstay is the needed scanning of the body which
for the time being, it will be called "The Screener". The Screener goes beyond physical checkups and blood exams 
to penetrate what the eyes cannot see and what routine exams cannot detect. The app should also be able to book
appointments to doctors through our curated and vetted assortment of doctors whom are one the main appeals of the
app because many doctors now a days are not people friendly, lack emotional intelligence and are not upto par with 
contemporary treatments and overall best practices. The app wants to eliminate the fear of malpractice, arrogance,
tenured but outdated practices. 


The problem facing many people around the world is lack of access to the knowledge and implementation of good
health practices, as well as lack of resources to treat sicknesses and ailments. The effects of these problems are many
deaths and loss of health that couldv'e been prevented with due care and early detection. In the health care field 
there is a saying that "prevention is the best medicine" and I firmly believe that early detection of even the slightest 
possible harm can save people from bigger problems later. Everyone across the world is affected by lack of health care
and resources but the most vulnerable are those facing poverty. 

The app is focused on fixing and or eliminating the root causes of many of socities health problems which are the high costs of treatment, 
lack of facilities in certain areas, overcomplications of health such as doctor visits, referalls, wait times, travel and appointments. 

The MVP or Minimal Viable Product is an app named Robust-i. The name stems from robust which is defined as strong, healthy and
vigorous. The app should download and connect the results of a full body scan using MRI(Magnetic resonance imaging) automatically. 
It will allow users to be notified of any sort of outlier or discrepency in the body and the this will be done by comparing a users data to 
an array of average healthy bodies for accurate interpretation because comparing to single data isnt accurate. The app will detect cancer,
lack of nutrients, hormonal imbalances, lack of essential body components and detections of ailments and sicknesses. 
